♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
Okay, the game is called
surprise fish.
[gasps] I love it!
Oh!
You've played it before?
Uh... um, no.
I thought that was
the surprise part.
- How do you play?
- Okay, well, we all hide
and then try to
surprise each other
by jumping out when someone's
not expecting it!
Ooh, fun!
Yeah! Okay, ready? Okay.
One, two, three...
hide!
Let's see, where to hide?
Oh, there!
Yeah! Uh...
No, that's not
a good place to hide.
Oh, maybe over here!
Uh... no.
Ooh, perfect!
Up there!
Yeah!
- Surprise!
- Ooh-hoo hoo hoo!
[laughing]
I gotcha, Dunk!
- [both laugh]
- That was hilarious!
Yeah, it really was,
you jumped so high,
I thought you were gonna
break the surface of the water!
Hey, you guys
should have seen it, Bubbles!
Bu-- Bubbles?
- Ripple?
- Huh. Ha.
Hmm...
I wonder where they could--
- [both] Surprise!
- Aah!
Oh, yeah,
I meant to do that!
Oh, that was so much fun!
Let's do it again!
- Okay, come on!
- Okay, come on! Ha ha!
Oh, boy, look at this spot!
I'm gonna surprise
those fish so good! Ha!
[Splash] Hey, Dunk?
- Where did he go?
- Oh, Dunk!
He was just here.
Dunk?! Are you okay?!
- Surprise!
- [all scream]
- [screams]
I thought we were playing
surprise fish.
We were playing
surprise fish,
not scare the gills
off of me fish!
[all panting]
- Do you smell something?
- Um...
- [all sniffing]
- Yeah. Kind of a...
- sweet?
- Almost... sugary.
Yeah, it smells good,
but i-it kind
of makes me feel scared.
[sniffing]
Yeah, you know what? Me too.
Where did that
smell come from,
and why is it
making us feel this way?
- Hey!
- [all scream]
Is everyone okay here?
Oh, hi, Gush, we were just
playing surprise fish.
It's a super fun game
where we jump out
and try and surprise
each other.
Oh, I'll have
to take your word for that.
I don't quite understand
why scaring each other is fun,
but, hey, I'm just glad
you're all right.
Were you worried about us?
Not until I smelled
the alarm smell.
- [all sniffing]
- Oh, yeah.
That weird... sweet smell?
Yes! I think that sugary smell
is from all of you.
[sniffing]
Wait, so...
when Dunk surprised us
a minute ago,
we all released
that sweet smell?
Even me.
I was surprised, too.
That's right, when we fish get
frightened or injured,
we release a chemical
alarm smell into the water
that other fish can detect.
Ah, like a--
like a warning system.
Yes. When they smell it,
they know to look for trouble.
But we sent that smell out
by accident.
Do you think other fish
are going to smell it
and think
there's something wrong?
If they did smell it,
then they'll think
there's a problem!
We better go check
and make sure
that they know
everything's fine!
- Yeah.
- Come on, guys. Thanks, Gush!
- Let's go!
- Bye, Gush!
Hmmm...
[sniffing]
Uh-oh. Sugary sweet smell
is in the water.
I wonder what's wrong.
Hi, Mayor Sting.
Is something wrong?
Good question, Zee.
I'm investigating
an alarm smell.
We need to let everyone know
to be Reef Ready for now.
No problem! Hey, Maury!
You called?
What took you so long?
We need you to spread the word!
- There's an alarm smell.
- [gasps]
There could be danger
on the reef!
Oh! Consider it done. Hah!
[chorus] ♪ Shoop, sha-doop,
sha-dooby dooby doop ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ You know I got the scoop,
have you heard? ♪
♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ I'm in the middle
of the loop ♪
♪ My name is Maury,
I'm off to find the story ♪
♪ I'm givin' you
the latest word ♪
♪ What's the word? ♪
♪ I got all the Reeftown
information ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ I'm on my way
to hear what I can hear ♪
♪ No matter where it is,
I'll travel far or near ♪
♪ Oh, I'm so excited,
yes, I'm ready to race ♪
♪ I might turn up
at Take-Off Point ♪
♪ Or at Pebble Place,
have you heard? ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
- ♪ You know I got the scoop ♪
♪ I'm in the middle
of the loop ♪
♪ Hi, my name is Maury,
I'm off to find the story ♪
♪ I'm givin' you
the latest word ♪
♪ What's the word? ♪
♪ If somethin's cookin'
at Coral Cove ♪
♪ That's where I'll be,
or I'll head to Dorsal Park ♪
- ♪ To see what I can see ♪
- Oh!
♪ I'm lookin' for the news ♪
♪ In this part of the ocean ♪
♪ I'm trying to find out
what's all the commotion ♪
♪ I pick up information
as I slither along ♪
♪ Of course I may get
everything wrong ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ Oh, you know
I got the scoop ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ I'm in the middle
of the loop ♪
♪ My name is Maury ♪
♪ I'm off to find the story ♪
♪ I'm givin' you the latest
word ♪
♪ What's the word? ♪
♪ I got all the Reeftown
information ♪
- ♪ Information ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
- ♪ Uh-huh ♪
Have you heard?
It smells like trouble
on the reef.
Oh! Uh-oh!
Ah! Home sweet home.
Huh.
Is that Chompy
hiding behind that coral?
[Dunk] I think it is!
I bet she's playing
surprise fish,
and she's hiding, waiting to
jump out and scare us.
[laughter]
- Chompy, we see you!
- Shh!
W-what's going on,
Chompy?
I'm not playing surprise fish.
I'm just hiding.
But why?
Well, I heard from Denny
the cleaner shrimp
that there's some
kind of danger out there,
so you better go get
Reef Ready!
It's not safe
to be wandering around.
- What's the danger?
- I don't know!
I hid before
Denny could tell me.
Huh. Thanks, Chompy.
Well, you know what, guys?
Maybe we should go talk
to Denny.
- [all] Bye, Chompy!
- Shh!
- Oh, sorry!
- Oh...
[all whisper]
Bye, Chompy!
[chuckles]
Come on, guys.
- Hey, Denny!
- Hey, Maury!
- Hi, guys!
- [mumbling]
Yes, Maury, I'm sure
they heard the news.
Did you hear?
It's the worst thing
that's ever happened
to Reeftown.
Oh! W-what is it?
I have no idea.
I just heard it's terrible.
Who told you
it was terrible?
- Well, Maury did.
- Uh...
Denny, would you mind
taking a break
so we can talk to Maury
for a second?
- Got it.
- [Maury mumbles]
Well, I was just trying to
help spread the word
about news on the reef,
you know,
as a favor to everyone.
Maury, we have something
very important to say, you see--
Splash, I'm sorry to interrupt,
but I have something
very important to say--
did you hear the news?
Well, yeah, that's what we
wanted to talk to you about--
No time to talk.
It's time to hide!
There's danger out there.
You guys should hide, too,
if you know what's good for you.
Uh, Maury, it doesn't make
any sense.
How can we hide if we don't know
what we're hiding from?
We-- yea-- uh...
Oh. Well, uh,
that's a good point,
but if you want more
information,
you should talk to Zee.
She's the one who told me.
Guys, let's go straighten
this out with Zee.
Maybe we'll get
to the bottom of this.
Good luck.
And stay safe!
- Bye, Maury!
- Aaaaahhh!
[all] Zee? Zee!
- Hey, Zee!
[chattering, laughing]
- Uh... oh...
- Are you all right?
Zee!
- What happened to her?
- I don't know.
Zee? Uh--
- Guys!
- [all] Aaah!
I heard there's danger
out there.
I don't know what it is,
but I'm pretending to be frozen
so that the danger will skip
over me and leave me alone.
Uh, well, we have good news.
There's
nothing to worry about!
Are you sure?
I don't know.
I heard there's
some danger out there.
Where did you hear about
this danger?
Mayor Sting told me.
[both] Uh...
Yeah, Mayor Sting.
Well, the thing is, uh,
we might have given him
the wrong idea.
What exactly did he
say to you?
He didn't exactly tell me
what the danger was,
but he definitely warned me.
Hmm, well, then, you know what,
Zee, we're gonna go talk
to Mayor Sting
to find out what happened.
- Okay.
- Bye, Zee.
- Be careful. Bye!
- Bye, Zee!
When I was patrolling
the Sandy Bed,
I smelled danger--
actually smelled it.
So I alerted everyone
in Reeftown.
- We're sorry, Mayor Sting.
- No need to apologize.
- It's part of the job.
- No, I mean, we're sorry
because we, uh,
accidentally released
the smell of fear
while we were playing.
Well,
I'm glad you told me,
and I'm glad
there's no cause for alarm.
However, once you put
the warning out,
it's hard to take it back.
- I just wish we could fix it.
- Hey! Is there a smell
we can release
to let everyone know
that it was just an accident
from before?
- That's a good idea, Dunk!
- Thanks!
But unfortunately,
once you release the smell,
there's no way to take
it back.
[all groan]
[gasps]
Hey, I know!
We can go around and explain
to everyone what happened,
you know, one Reeftown
citizen at a time!
All right,
let's split into two groups
- to spread the word faster.
- I'll help, too!
So that this time
I can spread the word
that everything is fine!
You Reeftown Rangers ready?
- [all] Yeah!
- Let's do it!
- Come on, everyone!
- Here we go!
Yeah, spread the word!
♪ What's the word?
Have you heard? ♪
Hey, it's okay!
There's no danger!
We were just--
Playing a game
called surprise fish.
And we scared each other
so bad--
That they released an alarm
pheromone into the water!
So rest easy.
Everything is fine!
- Ah! We did it!
- Yeah!
Everyone can go back
to their normal lives.
That's right, and while it's
my job to keep you all safe,
it's everyone's job to be
on the lookout for danger
and alert everyone
if anything seems troublesome.
- Surprise!
- [all] Ahhh!
- Oh!
- Just checking.
[gasping continues]
[sniffing]
Does anyone smell anything?
Uh, no, I think we're good.
- Oh, good!
- [laughter]
You got us, Dunk!
- That was pretty good!
- Yeah, I gotcha guys.
- Yeah.
Are we sure Dorsal
wanted to meet us
all the way out here?
Yep! He wanted us to meet him
here like last time.
But I thought last time
we met him over... here.
No,
I definitely remember it
right... here.
It's so hard to tell.
I remember
it was blue, but...
You know, guys,
I've always noticed
that as soon as we start playing
a game, Dorsal finds us.
Ha ha!
That's true!
He's a dolphin,
so he can use his echolocation
to see things with sound!
Well, then, let's play!
- Yeah!
Finball, anyone?
Oh, absolutely!
- And here we go!
- [clicking and squeaking]
Hey, I know that call!
[all] Dorsal!
Hey, guys!
Isn't it a great day?
Oh, I am so excited
I could just--
I dunno, flip through the air
as high as I can
and make a big splash...
which is just what I'm gonna do!
- Whoa!
- Wow!
- That's amazing!
- Neat-o!
- Wow!
- That's so cool!
- Ha ha!
- Nice!
- Whoo!
- [laughter]
Wow! You're even happier than
you usually are, Dorsal!
I sure am, I just heard
my friend Spin
is coming for a visit!
Oh, I can't wait for you guys
to meet him!
- Who's Spin?
- Only the funnest, funniest,
flippiest dolphin I ever knew!
He sounds like
he's a good friend.
He's my best friend!
We used to play together,
eat together,
take naps together,
do everything together!
Used to?
Well, uh, what happened?
When I was little,
my pod became too big,
and we split into two groups.
I went in one and, well,
Spin, he went in the other.
I haven't seen him since.
But he'll be here soon,
and then it'll be--
whoo-hoo-- fun!
But if you haven't seen each
other since you were little,
how do you know what Spin's
gonna look like?
Yeah, will you recognize him
because he's gray?
Or because he has a blowhole
on the top of his head?
That kinda describes
all dolphins,
but how could I forget
my best friend Spin?
We'll always be able
to recognize each other
by...
our special whistles.
Ooh! Special whistle?
You mean like this?
[inhales, spitting]
[laughter]
Well, kinda like that,
but dolphins
make sounds like this...
[whistling and clicking]
[laughter]
Every morning, Spin would do
his own special whistle,
like this...
[whistling and clicking]
Well,
that's not exactly it.
Only Spin
can do it just right.
Then I would whistle back
with my special whistle,
like this.
[whistling and clicking]
And that's how we always knew
the other guy was coming!
Ah! So Spin will whistle
to let you know he's nearby.
Yeah, and then when we
see each other--
Oh, you know what Spin
and I used to do for fun?
- What?
- We would touch fins
and spin around together
while we swam.
- Ha ha ha!
- Oh, wow!
You mean, like this?
- Oh, yeah, yeah.
- Let's try, let's try.
[all] Whoa-a-a-a...
[all shouting and laughing]
- [all] Whoo hoo hoo hoo!
- Fun, huh?
Oh, yeah!
But, uh, why is the ocean
still spinning?
You guys
wanna spin some more?
I think we get the idea.
Spin and I have
our special whistle,
our signal,
and our finshake.
Why do you need all of that?
Well, that stuff
makes us best friends
no matter how long
we've been apart.
Even if we don't see
each other for a long time,
we'll always
remember each other.
- Aw. That's really neat.
- Yeah. So what about you guys?
What are your special
best friend things?
- Uh, well, uh...
- Uh...
- You know...
- Well, we, uh...
We'll show you later.
- Yeah.
- Okay, great.
In the meantime,
I'm gonna head back to my pod
and see if Spin's on the way!
- Okay, Dorsal.
- I can't wait to see him!
- See you later!
- Bye, Dorsal!
Bye-bye!
Oh, nice, Ripple!
[all chattering and laughing]
Hey, guys, what are our
best friend signals?
Um... we don't really
have any. Hah!
So maybe we should make some.
[grunts]
Oh, that could be fun!
So, any ideas?
[gasps] I know! Ooh, I know!
Check this out!
We should do our own special
whistle-spin-finshake.
Can any of us whistle?
Oh, I almost got it,
I almost got it!
[all inhale, spit]
Guys, maybe whistling
just isn't our thing.
[gasps]
I've got it!
When we see each other
and want to show
that we're best friends,
we should all just ... puff up!
Dunk, did you forget?
You're the only one
of us who does that.
- Right.
- [Ripple giggles]
Uh, something else then.
Hey! What if we just invent
our own signal?
Good plan!
Yeah.
Let's all put our faces in!
- Okay.
- That's how it starts.
- Uh-huh.
- Faces in.
Okay.
Now we go to the side.
And now we go
to the other side.
- Yeah.
- Now tails in!
- Ooh, tails in! that's fun.
- Tails in!
[chatter, laughter]
Now, everyone say
"hah, hah, hoochey koo!"
- Okay.
- [all] Hah, hah, hoochey, koo!
- Now finish with a bow.
- Oh, a bow, very nice.
- And thank you...
- No, thank you...
[all chattering]
[laughs]
All right, you guys,
I think we've got
got our special signal!
All right,
here... we... go!
[all muttering, stammering]
Do you think our signal
was a bit too complicated?
- Uh...
- Yeah.
- Maybe so.
- Well...
At least we have finball.
- Yeah! Ha ha.
- Oh-- Dunk!
- That's it!
- Oh, is the game over already?
No! We've already got our own
special signals and games.
[gasps] You're right!
We're the only fish
who play finball.
And we're
Ocean Friends Forever.
And we go on adventures
together!
It may not be the same
as Dorsal and Spin,
but I'd recognize
you guys anywhere,
no matter how much
time passes.
Yeah! Hey, let's go tell Dorsal!
Come on!
Yeah! Oh, wait.
Catch ya later, pebble.
- Dorsal! Dorsal! Dorsal!
- Hi, guys!
Dorsal! We loved seeing
your dolphin signals,
and now we have our own
Reeftown Friend signal, too.
Oh, that's great!
I realized that friendship isn't
about a whistle or a signal.
It's about the way
you feel inside
when you're with
your best friend.
- Exactly!
- Spin's my best friend
because when we're together,
we feel happy.
- Gee, who knew
having a best friend
is really just that simple?
Well, we now we do!
[clicking and whistling]
- You guys hear that?
- Yeah.
It's Spin!
[laughs]
[clicking and whistling]
- Dorsal!
- Spin!
[both] I've been looking
all over for you! [laughs]
Oh, Spin, you haven't
changed a bit!
I'd know you anywhere!
It is so great to see you!
Ooh!
Oh, you gotta meet the guys!
- Come on!
- For sure!
[both clicking and whistling]
[laughter]
Guys, guys!
This is Spin!
- [all] Hi, Spin!
- Hi!
Spin, this is Splash, Bubbles,
Dunk, and Ripple,
the best friends
a dolphin can have.
Well, except for you,
of course!
[laughter]
Thanks for being
best friends to my best friend.
Aw, well, he's an easy
dolphin to like.
[both]
Hey, you know what I--
[both laugh]
- You go first.
- No, you go.
Okay, well,
I've sure missed you, Dorsal.
And the one thing
I've missed most of all is--
Touching fins
and swimming in a circle?
- [all murmur]
- Yeah!
Ha! That's exactly
what I was going to say!
- Come on, let's swim!
- Yeah!
- Whoo-hoo!
- For sure!
Hey, you guys
care to join us?
We wouldn't have it
any other way.
[laughing and chattering]
Everything's spinning!
[mumbles dizzily]
I am so glad you got to meet
my best friend.
And we're so glad you
helped us figure out
what makes us
best friends, too!
- [both giggle]
- Best friends forever!
♪ To have a friend ♪
♪ You've got to be
a friend ♪
♪ I've got great friends
all over this ocean ♪
[both] ♪ But ever since we put
our friendship in motion ♪
♪ It's you,
you're my best friend ever ♪
♪ We have
so much fun together ♪
♪ I know I know
that everything is better ♪
♪ Whenever I'm with you ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ We like to help
each other ♪
[both]
♪ In everything we do ♪
♪ I'm so glad
I got a friend like you ♪
♪ We love to go
on adventures ♪
♪ Could be big or small ♪
♪ As long as it's you and me,
I'm happy ♪
[both] ♪ Even if we're doin'
nothin' at all ♪
♪ 'Cause you ♪
♪ You're my best friend ever ♪
♪ We have
so much fun together ♪
♪ I know, I know
that everything is better ♪
♪ Whenever I'm with you ♪
♪ Even best friends
don't always agree ♪
♪ We find a way
to work things out ♪
[both] ♪ To make this ocean
all it can be ♪
♪ 'Cause you ♪
♪ You're my best friend ever ♪
♪ We, we're gonna
stick together ♪
♪ I know, I know
that everything is better ♪
♪ Sharing all we do ♪
♪ I'm so glad ♪
♪ I have a friend
like you ♪
[both]
♪ My best friend ever ♪
♪ You ♪
♪ We're stickin' together ♪
[both] ♪ You ♪
♪ My best friend eve-r-r ♪
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪